Choosing Tech Stack

#1  Q: What tech stack will be selected, if I am the CTO?
    A: Under this limited information, because lead dev has 3 year's experience in LAMP, plus 3 junior devs, there is no more
tech background in this team. Switching to another tech stack is very chanllengable. For a startup, it can't afford the loss if 
project failed. On the other hand, for a eCommerce website, there are lots of resource about LAMP could be found, it's very helpful 
to implement this project. So LAMP is the best choice in this situation.

#2  Q: What is the next tech stack I intend to learn?
    A: Frond end - React; Back end - Nest.Js Database: PostgreSql; Language: Typescript;
    Why: 1> Detouching frond end and back end is helpfull to many projects, it could reduce the design complexity of project, and 
increase the  maintainability of project. So a front end framework should be induced, such as React, Vue or Angular. Checking the 
popularity of these frameworks, React is the popularest one.
         2> There is a very wide options for the back end techelogy. Many different languages could be used. Due to reduce the time
and cost of study, it is good to choose a language which could be used in both front end and back end. Therefore, Node.js is the only
option. After some research on the back end frameworks or techelogies based on it, Nest.js is my favorite. It has a steep learn curve 
to begin, but due to some previous experience on ASP.Net, I feel comfortable to employ it.
         3> For database, I do not very trust No-SQL database to handle to scabled problems. In the meantime, when using ORM in project,
it's very easy to swith from different databases, even no-sql database. So there is no cost to choose postgresql.
         4> Language, JS or TS. JS is better in flexibility, but TS is better in reliability. Just because I have good background on C#, 
I prefer to TS due to its better support on oriented object program.
        That's my next tech stack: PRNT, and I am working on it.